[New project structure] Adjusting supporting files (#680)
exonum/exonum-java-binding: README.md

# Exonum Library for Java

> This is a primary repository for Exonum projects for java.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a primary repository for Exonum projects in Java.  
```

Though this is not true. i.e. this repository will not be used for our Java services.

The following projects are available:
 - [Exonum Java Binding](exonum-java-binding-parent)

## Java version

> Java 8 or above is required for working with this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Java 8 or newer is required for building and using Exonum Java projects.
```

🤔  or smth like this

> ## License

Reviewer: Why these lines are changed?

Author: I suppose we'll have one build for the whole project. And in case of necessity, we can split it in future.

# Exonum Library for Java

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/exonum/exonum-java-binding/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.com/exonum/exonum-java-binding)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/exonum/exonum-java-binding/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/exonum/exonum-java-binding?branch=master)
[![Join the chat on https://gitter.im/exonum/exonum-java-binding](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/exonum/exonum-java-binding.svg?label=Chat)](https://gitter.im/exonum/exonum-java-binding)

This is a primary repository for Exonum projects in Java.  
[Exonum][exonum] is an extensible open-source framework for creating blockchain applications.

## Projects
The following projects are available:
 - [Exonum Java Binding](exonum-java-binding-parent). It is a framework for building blockchain 
 applications in Java which provides Exonum services runtime environment
 - [Light Client](exonum-java-light-client). It is a library for interaction with Exonum 

>  on a client site that can be used for creating digital signatures,

Reviewer 2: Did you intend to pit `site` instead of `side` here? It also works but to me `client side` seems more common.

>  forming adn sending transactions ect

Reviewer 2: Please fix this line - `and`, `etc.`

Reviewer 2: Still no dot in the end of the sentence.

> # Exonum Library for Java

Reviewer 3: Exonum Java?
Exonum Java Libraries?

This is a primary repository for Exonum projects in Java.  
[Exonum][exonum] is an extensible open-source framework for creating blockchain applications.

## Projects
The following projects are available:
 - [Exonum Java Binding](exonum-java-binding-parent). It is a framework for building blockchain 
 applications in Java which provides Exonum services runtime environment.
 - [Light Client](exonum-java-light-client). It is a library for interaction with Exonum 
  blockchain from external applications built on Java.

## Java version
Java 8 or newer is required for building and using Exonum Java projects.
 
## Links
For more information see the relevant documentation on the tool:
  - [What is Exonum?](https://exonum.com/doc/version/latest/get-started/what-is-exonum/)
  - [Roadmap](ROADMAP.md)
  - [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/exonum/exonum/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

If you are using Exonum in your project and want to be listed on our website and
GitHub list — write us a line to <exonum@bitfury.com>.

> ## Contributing

Reviewer 3: @Buzovska , @Maria-Nosyk Shall we put that in a separate section or leave as simple "Contribution Guide"?

Reviewer 3: @bullet-tooth, I'd consider moving it back in the list. WDYT?

Author: ok

[![Join the chat on https://gitter.im/exonum/exonum-java-binding](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/exonum/exonum-java-binding.svg?label=Chat)](https://gitter.im/exonum/exonum-java-binding)

This is a primary repository for Exonum projects in Java.  
[Exonum][exonum] is an extensible open-source framework for creating blockchain applications.

## Projects
The following projects are available:
 - [Exonum Java Binding](exonum-java-binding-parent). It is a framework for building blockchain 
 applications in Java which provides Exonum services runtime environment

>  - [Light Client](exonum-java-light-client). It is a library for interaction with Exonum 

Reviewer 3: "It is a library for interaction with Exonum (blockchain?) from client (or external?) applications."

I'd consider putting a more detailed _and_ complete description in the corresponding README, not here (digital signatures seem irrelevant).

## Projects
The following projects are available:
 - [Exonum Java Binding](exonum-java-binding-parent). It is a framework for building blockchain 
 applications in Java which provides Exonum services runtime environment.
 - [Light Client](exonum-java-light-client). It is a library for interaction with Exonum 

>   blockchain from external applications built on Java.

Reviewer 3: from external Java applications?
